---
inFeed: false
description: >-
  Ten years ago I became intensely curious about meditation. However this wasn’t
  first time. Many years before, in the midst of my high school career, I had
  tried meditation…once. I was having an overwhelming amount of anxiety, not
  unlike many of the teenagers around me. Having come across some of Alan Watts’
  work in an Independent Study Unit I was working on I decided that I would try
  meditation to deal with the overwhelming feelings I was encountering. 
dateModified: '2018-04-01T19:06:09.541Z'
datePublished: '2018-04-01T19:06:09.933Z'
title: How It All Began
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
sourcePath: _posts/2018-03-28-about-me.md
hasPage: true
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2018-03-28T20:12:19.379Z'
url: about-me/index.html
_type: Blurb

---
## How It All Began

Ten years ago I became intensely curious about meditation. However this wasn't first time. Many years before, in the midst of my high school career, I had tried meditation...once. I was having an overwhelming amount of anxiety, not unlike many of the teenagers around me. Having come across some of Alan Watts' work in an Independent Study Unit I was working on I decided that I would try meditation to deal with the overwhelming feelings I was encountering. 

Sitting in my bedroom, with my duvet on the floor, I sat for over an hour listening to my breath. Not only did it completely alleviate my anxiety, but for days I felt incredible. I was literally better at everything, from school to skateboarding. However, being a teenager, I quickly moved on to other things. The discipline required by meditation made no sense to me at the time, despite how great it had made me feel.

Years later, in my 20s living in Toronto, the fascination returned, but this time with the discipline to explore. The result was years of study in a wide variety of meditation techniques. From transcendental, to vipassana, to zen and Tibetan Buddhism, I was determined to understand the essence of meditation, beyond the assumptions that came with specific schools of thought and technique.

The experience was so transformative that friends and family began to notice the difference in my daily state of being. It was so impactful for them that requests to come learn began to arise. Slowly, this snowballed into my realization that my community was in need. There was, quite simply, a lack of support for one on one guidance in mindfulness and meditation. Simple presence was elusive to most. For many, the group setting in which existing community resources offered classes were overwhelming or intimidating. There was something about one on one guidance that enabled me to pull from a variety of techniques to assess exactly where each person was caught and, consequently, what their unique way into meditation was. 

Today, people from around Toronto purchase packages with me in which their way into meditation is discovered and explored. 

My Training

In addition to running a practice teaching people how to meditate and to be more mindful in their daily lives for over ten years I am trained and certified in a wide variety of specialties that allow me to serve you best.

Life-Cycle Celebrant

Metaphysical Minister

Kids Yoga Teacher

Other Training and Education